Microsoft’s purchase of GitHub leaves some scientists uneasy
https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-05426-0
GitLab Web IDE
https://about.gitlab.com/2018/06/15/introducing-gitlab-s-integrated-development-environment/
Yam, cultivate and cook
https://primitivetechnology.wordpress.com/2018/06/15/yam-cultivate-and-cook/
Why you should learn just a little Awk (2010)
https://gregable.com/2010/09/why-you-should-know-just-little-awk.html
U.S. Files Criminal Charges Against Theranos’s Elizabeth Holmes, Ramesh Balwani
https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-files-criminal-charges-against-theranoss-elizabeth-holmes-ramesh-balwani-1529096005
OWASP Mobile Security Testing Guide – Release 1.0
https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg
Tools for Exploring .NET Internals
http://mattwarren.org/2018/06/15/Tools-for-Exploring-.NET-Internals/
Blooming Password – A banned password check using a bloom filter
https://www.bloomingpassword.fun/
Asian-American admissions at Harvard
https://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2018/06/asian-american-admissions-harvard.html
Ugandan wins Africa prize for bloodless malaria test
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-44481723
What do Unix command names stand for?
http://www.unixguide.net/unix/faq/1.3.shtml
Codemasters History: The NES’ Best Unlicensed Developer
https://tedium.co/2018/06/15/codemasters-history-nes-nintendo/
NLP-generated summaries could replace traditional headlines
https://www.quod.us/article/recurrent-neural-networks-could-combat-misleading-headlines
Learn you an Agda (2011)
http://learnyouanagda.liamoc.net/pages/introduction.html
Pregnancy Discrimination Is Rampant Inside America’s Biggest Companies
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/06/15/business/pregnancy-discrimination.html
Methods of Comparison, Compared: A Visual Guide to Comparing Change
https://beta.observablehq.com/@mbostock/methods-of-comparison-compared
Another World
https://www.filfre.net/2018/06/another-world/
Ask HN: Who has started a business because they couldn't get hired for work?
item?id=17323525
Strapdown.js – Instant and elegant Markdown documents
http://strapdownjs.com/
Guide to Angel Investing
http://anishgodha.com/2018/06/15/guide-to-angel-investing/
Earliest images of the moon were much better than we realised
http://www.worldofindie.co.uk/?p=682
JavaScript Engine Fundamentals: Shapes and Inline Caches
https://mathiasbynens.be/notes/shapes-ics
The Mysterious Case of the Vanishing Genius (2012)
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/articles/201205/the-mysterious-case-the-vanishing-genius
Judge says ‘literal but nonsensical’ Google translation isn’t consent for search
https://techcrunch.com/2018/06/15/judge-says-literal-but-nonsensical-google-translation-isnt-consent-for-police-search/
Painting as a Pastime by Winston Churchill (1948)
https://gutenberg.ca/ebooks/churchillws-paintingasapastime/churchillws-paintingasapastime-00-h-dir/churchillws-paintingasapastime-00-h.html
FBI Recovers WhatsApp, Signal Data Stored on Michael Cohen’s BlackBerry
https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2018/06/fbi-recovered-hundreds-of-encrypted-messages-from-michael-cohens-phone/
Ask HN: Can you recommend any ML paper/blogs for visual art detection?
item?id=17325203
RetroBSD: Unix for microcontrollers
http://retrobsd.org/
Harvard and Smithsonian teamed up crowdsource a century of astronomy (2014)
http://www.simonowens.net/why-harvard-and-the-smithsonian-teamed-up-to-crowdsource-a-century-of-astronomical-history
